fix(dcgw): Upgrade guidance (#4951)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_includes/sections/dcgw-upgrades.md

The latest major, minor, and patch versions are made available to you after the Dedicated Cloud Gateway team has tested them.

> This is sometimes why a new version is available in {{site.konnect_short_name}} before it's available in Dedicated Cloud Gateways.

Reviewer: This is a confusing statement. Are we saying that the new version is available in the API Gateway menu? Since DCGWs are part of Konnect.

Edit: After reading this a bit more, I think we need to make a clearer distinction between DP and CP here.

> This is sometimes why a new version is available in {{site.konnect_short_name}} before it's available in Dedicated Cloud Gateways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is why a new version is sometimes available in {{site.konnect_short_name}} before it's available for Dedicated Cloud Gateway data plane nodes.
```
An attempt to rephrase. Also "sometimes why" implies that occasionally, there's another reason; if you put "sometimes" after the why, it modifies the thing you want.

All control planes are automatically updated to the latest version after it's available in {{site.konnect_short_name}}.

> Dedicated Cloud Gateways use the following upgrade pattern for data plane nodes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Dedicated Cloud Gateways use the following upgrade pattern for data plane nodes:
```
Just want a line break here for readability.
